a cord presidential the euro book
freedom democracy Nigel Farage the floor
is yours well here we are on the edge of
a financial and social disaster and in
the room today we have the four men who
were supposed to be responsible and yet
we've listened to the dullest most
technocratic speeches I've ever heard
you are all in denial by any objective
measure the euro is a failure and who is
actually responsible who's in charge out
of you lot well of course the answer is
none of you because none of you have
been elected none of you actually have
any democratic legitimacy for the roles
that you currently hold within this
crisis and into this vacuum albeit
reluctantly has stepped Angela Merkel
and we are now living we are now living
in a German dominated Europe something
that the European project was actually
supposed to stop something that those
that went before us actually paid a
heavy brat price in blood to prevent I
don't want to live in a German dominated
Europe and nor do the citizens of Europe
but you guys have played a role because
when mr. Papandreou got up and use the
word referendum or mr. Rehn you
described it as a breach of confidence
and your friends here got together like
a pack of hyenas rounded on papandrea
had him removed and replaced by a puppet
government what an absolutely disgusting
spectacle that was and not satisfied
with that you decided that Berlusconi
had to go so he was removed and replaced
by mr. Monti a former European
Commissioner a fellow architect of this
euro disaster and a man who wasn't even
a member of the parliament it's getting
like an Agatha Christie novel where
we're trying to sort of work out who's
the next person that's going to be
bumped off the difference is we know who
the villains are you should all be held
accountable for what you've done you
should all be fired and i have to say
mr. Van Rompuy 18 months ago when we
first met and I was wrong about you I
said you'd be the quiet assassin of
nation state democracy but you're not
anymore you're rather noisy about it
aren't you
you an unelected man went to Italy and
said this is not the time for elections
but the time for actions what in God's
name gives you the right to say that to
the Italian people thank you then